---
layout: post
title: "untitled"
date: 2002-12-03
comments: false
---
Well, today was all right, for a Monday anyway. In English, we have to pick a
word from our vocabulary unit and find a clever way of remembering the
definition. My word was "ubiquitous." I said that it was like that beer
commercial from a couple years ago. Ubiquitous sounds like "Dooby dooby doo,"
which is what the penguins, who were ubiquitous, were crooning in the
commercial. It was kind of silly. The spanish test was ridiculously easy(what
a relief!). At lunch, I told Josh, my best friend, the "password hint" to one
of my passwords. He's still trying to figure it out, and it's driving him
crazy. I'll have to tell him. Also at lunch, an acquaintance named Nick
pressed me to find out which girls I liked. After he swore secrecy, I told him
only one, my physics lab partner. I have the good fortune to have the most
beautiful girl in the class as my lab partner. I felt kind of stupid when
Bonnie(not my lab partner, but works at the same lab station, not so bad-
looking herself) had to explain the lab to us. I'm used to being the one with
the answers. Oh well, I have to keep my ego in check somehow. :) Tomorrow I
have a scholastic bowl meet after school. If you're not familiar with it, it's
kind of like Jeopardy. We compete with neighboring schools. This is my third
year on the team. It's a lot of fun. We have to beat Addison Trail(the only
other school in our district, and our rival) tomorrow. I hope we can pull it
off. Well, I still don't have my statistics done(I loathe that class, but it's
an easy AP class, so hey), so I'd better be going. More on me and my
incredibly exciting(isn't it though?) life tomorrow.
