---
layout: post
title: "Buckminsterfullerene"
date: 2003-09-26
comments: false
---
Well, today really kind of sucked. OK, it wasn't that bad, until the Key Club
meeting. I spent hours yesterday getting ready for Key Club 101, and then
there were 2 new members at the meeting today, and not a whole lot of old
ones. It sucked. We handled some business instead. The whole meeting just
didn't go very well, and so I'm just frazzled. Getting all of these stupid
permission forms for everything is a real pain. It's not like NHS does that.
Speaking of NHS, at a little impromptu board meeting we held right after, the
board approved the use of advertising antagonistic to NHS. It's incredible
just how much animosity one silly little organization can create. They steal
our projects, they deserve it. Now I just wonder how far we could take it. I
also think that some kind of challenge, Key Club vs. NHS, could be good.




Above all, we need to get on top of the promoting issue. And I also need to
delegate better. The problem is that everything has come up so quickly, a
certain teacher monopolizes my time, and though it takes less time to delegate
than to do everything yourself, you can't delegate the night before.




P.S. Kyle came through with the carbon-copy Activity Sign-up sheets, but, as I
knew he would when he didn't show me a proof sheet like he'd promised, he
misspelled "Activity" on all of the several hundred sheets. I told him that
he'd be paid back by showing all of the members for the next 3 or 4 years how
dumb he is.




P.S.S. The board also grudgingly approved Kyle's appointment as SAP. I would
have preferred more formal acceptance, but until we have a club big enough to
care, I've decided to forgo formality.
