---
layout: post
title: "Pizza Goodness"
date: 2003-11-20
comments: false
---
Boy, what a week. Actually, it hasn't been that bad, but I'm really tired
right now.




I just got back from another scholastic bowl meeting. We lost to Oak Park
River Forest by only 7 points. That sucked. At least we beat Hinsdale South to
bring us to 4-2 for the season. At the practice on Monday, Mrs. Joyce read a
card she had gotten from Dr. E to congratulate us on beating AT. We so rock.




All of the cans are now gone. Yay. I was the only one there on Monday for the
pickup, which irked me. Oh well.




I don't have any homework tonight, for some reason. I'm going to do my Key
Club junk and get to bed. I've slept through the last two days of Chemistry,
which isn't terribly good. I know she noticed today, because after Chris said
that he wants to schedule all of his classes for like 11, she said, "That
might be too early for Matt!"




Anyway, let's see. Mrs. Brown is still out after having surgery to remove a
lump, Mr. Blair is still a jerk (I have to thank Josie for always sitting so
straight in her chair. It makes it easier to sleep in there without him
noticing). Oh, yeah. Dr. E came on the PA on Monday and announced that Mrs.
Meier had passed away. She had been absent for about a week. We have been
assured that our class will continue; however, we still have no teacher and no
work to do. The entire class surfs the net every day, except for Kevin, who
just adds things to old programs. We've started taking our engines apart in
Auto, and Econ's going well.




Tomorrow is the big Key Club Membership Drive meeting with pizza and stuff. I
still have to make sure that all of the preparations are taken care of. So
that's what I'm off to do now.
