---
layout: post
title: "Dreams, Quizilla, and other nonsense"
date: 2003-07-18
comments: false
---
Hello, everybody! Guess where I am? I'm at the Harveys', up in Woodstock. They
have broadband internet access. Woodstock doesn't seem like the middle of
nowhere as long as you can get a cable modem.




Anyway, I haven't posted in a while, so I'm taking this opportunity. Last
night, I dreamt I was at International Convention again. Actually, that's
where I thought I was, but none of it was anything like Convention. The dream
seemed to go on forever too. Anyway, at one point I walked up to this girl I
didn't know and struck up a conversation. You would think at this point I
would realize I'm dreaming, but no. I never realize I'm dreaming while I'm
dreaming. Then later I was at the hotel waiting for the elevator. Elizabeth
Genovise was there, even though she wasn't really at Convention. I don't think
she was ever in Key Club, either. Sometime around there I woke up and saw
polka dots on the walls, and I was like, "Where the heck am I?" Then I
remembered that I had spent the night at the Harveys'. So that was my dream.
Kinda makes you glad I don't dream as much as Jen seems to, huh?




I was just catching up on other people's blogs tonight. All I have to say is,
isn't it eerie how accurate Quizilla quizzes can be? Also, I'm going to look
into getting a comment thingy for my blog.




Speaking of blogs, guess what they're coming out with now? The Google Toolbar
with BlogThis! built right in! This is great, because I use BlogThis! most of
the time, and I also use the Google Toolbar all the time. Rock on!




I got to see The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen tonight. It was all right.
Let me put it this way: See a matinee or watch it on HBO, but don't pay full
price, rent, or buy it. It's not my idea of a watch-over-and-over kind of
movie. It was entertaining though.




Got my AP scores today. I got a 5 on US History, a 4 on English Composition,
and a 5 on Statistics. How about them apples?




Well, it's after 11 already. I guess I'd better sign off. I have some more
updating to do, both to this and to Black Sheep Airlines, when I get home.
Good night!
