---
layout: post
title: "untitled"
date: 2003-06-16
comments: false
---
Oh, what a weekend.




On Saturday, I went to my aunt's house with my mom, dad, and sister to
rescreen her porch. Deprived of my RDA of caffeine, by 5 o'clock my hands were
swollen and I was worn out. Then we went to my grandmother's for her birthday
party. Just about the whole family was there, and I had a good time. My
younger relatives wore me out though. A couple of my second cousins (I think)
made me keep lifting them in and out of these giant holes that were left when
they took out some trees. All in all, it was a pretty good day.




Then Sunday after church my mother and I went shopping for gifts for my dad.
We bought a new mouse for the computer he plays Freecell on and a new
universal remote. He decided that the new mouse works worse than the old one,
and the new remote, while cooler (and more expensive) than the old one, still
doesn't control the DVD player, which apparently is broken. At least the new
one could control the lights, if I ever did get the X10 devices I've always
wanted to install.




Oh, I forgot to mention that out at my grandmother's farm, my Uncle Paul gave
me yet another box of old computer components. This one's really the
motherload. My Uncle Paul is just too cool.




Now, I'm sitting here, updating my blog. Mary IMed me earlier to tell me that
I wasn't the only one updating. Mary's blog has been updated with a dumb
sketch drawing of Harry Potter, and Jen's contains several days of posts
regarding Prom. My point: I need to get a life \[insert monosyllabic response
synonymous with "indubitably" here\].




Tomorrow's agenda: go see Mr. Tyler at 8:15 to get something (I don't really
care what) inserted so I have 7 classes, then mail my business registration
form. Wednesday is the board meeting. I've heard from everybody but Denise
(Renee can't come, and I still need to call Nina and make sure she can make
it). That's another thing I have to do tomorrow. I have to go to Office Depot
and get some folders so I can make all the new board members little dossiers
with all of the stuff I want to bring up at the meeting. New bylaws, new
committee structure, and a point system. I've also been working on some
updates to the Key Club website. So much to do, so much to do...




Well, it's 1 AM, I still have to take the garbage out, get the pop out of the
trunk, take a shower, and get up in the morning, so I'd better go now.
Besides, I'm starting to do that whole I'm-so-tired-so-I-guess-I'll-ramble-on-
forever thing, and believe me, you don't want that, because then I basically
get like Hemingway, except that I actually punctuate my sentences, so that
they just don't go on forever, because I don't really like that whole "stream
of consciousness" thing they tell us about in English class, because in my
opinion, if you're going to take the trouble to write it down, you should take
the time to organize it into logical and meaningful sentences, not just write
"blah blah blah" like you've never seen a period.




Whoops. See what I mean?
