---
layout: post
title: "untitled"
date: 2003-02-16
comments: false
---
Here's a more interesting thing about my life:




The other day, I was sitting at lunch listening to a fascinating conversation
between some of my friends. I won't bore you with the details, but at one
point my friend Mary turned and asked me if I thought a certain Bonnie was
attractive. I was struck immediately by the irony. No one could have known,
but I have had a crush on Bonnie for years. So of course I responded with an
authoritative yes. Mary then stated that she had lost all faith in me.




There it is, a fascinating epoch from my life.




I went to see the school play, Once Upon a Mattress, tonight. It was good. Now
I'm listening to Star Trek Rhapsody.




My dad managed to rent a PT Cruiser for the weekend. That is a cool car. Too
bad I can't drive it because it's a rental.




Thank goodness for three day weekends. I have to write an essay based on
observation of my classmates, but I didn't have much opportunity to observe.
So I'm going to take what little I saw, mix it with some net research and
personal conjecture, and call it fudge.




Good night all. I think I'll go watch some MacGyver now. Darn! I forgot to
watch it today. Darn, darn, darn! There's a MacGyver (2004) entry in the IMDB.
I assumed it was another movie, but a friend told me they're making a new
"hip" MacGyver. Evil! No one but Richard Dean Anderson himself has a right to
play MacGyver. At least last night's Stargate was good.




Please email me if you have an opinion. I'd love to hear from you.




Good night again.
