---
layout: post
title: "Good Times"
date: 2003-12-13
comments: false
---
OK, I forgot to mention the most important good thing yesterday, and that is
that I got my first real customer for SamAMac. Woohoo! Unfortunately, it's a
nonprofit, so my profit is small, and I'm still losing money overall. But I
gain some utility from having my own sites hosted, so there!




Speaking of that, I was sitting in Chemistry today, at the beginning of the
hour (Chris still wasn't there; he's either really sick or a whole day off
wasn't enough to finish his English paper). Anyway, I heard Bonnie and Mrs.
Holy (and maybe some other people at the other end of the room talking about
somebody (I always miss the beginning of conversations)). They were saying how
at the beginning of the year he just said "Hey, I made a website for you
guys," and somebody chipped in that he hosts his own website. I'm thinking,
"Gee, I wonder who they're talking about? He sounds like me." Then Mrs. Holy
said something about how he builds his own computers, and I thought, "Wow,
eerie! So do I!" Then Bonnie said something about a "shape table", and I
realized that they WERE talking about me. It's so weird to have people talking
about you when you're sitting like 5...feet...away. Anyway, then Mrs. Holy
wanted to see the site, and she looked it up and saw the shape table and was
impressed. Then Josie wanted to write down the address of the site, and Bonnie
told her that she should check out "Maverick's Mate" because it was
"hilarious." There's nothing like an ego boost to get the day off to a good
start.




Bonnie left some books behind in English, and I ran them up to her next class
for her.




Good things happened in Calc. Well, at the end. Mrs. Butler had said that she
was going to check 6.4 today, and I had worked furiously to get it done during
lunch, and had all but the last problem done. I forgot about it during class,
but at the end she started to go around checking. I was frantically trying to
figure out what the last problem wanted me to do, when Josie says that she
didn't understand another problem (one which I had figured out easily with a
little help from Petey), and so Mrs. Butler stopped to help her, and wouldn't
you know it, the bell rang. Yes!




Turns out that we'll have a different teacher for 2nd semester in Auto. It's
this new guy, whose name I can't remember. We had him as a sub today.




Made about $13K in Econ. Also aced the monopoly test. It was kind of funny.
Mrs. Joyce drew a normal distribution curve on the board and asked where
letter grades would go. She pointed to the median and Vince shouted "C!" Then
she pointed to the right side and Vince shouted "A!" Then she pointed to the
left side and Vince shouted "Vince!" Mrs. Joyce then drew an inverted curve
and said there were really 9 A's and 9 F's on the test. Fortunately, I was
part of the former category.




Well, it's Friday, and I have a lot to do and a lot of fun to have. See you
later.
