---
layout: post
title: "You Ever Have One of those Days"
date: 2003-11-05
comments: false
---
where everything is just kinda sublime?




OK, first of all, I had my Calculus done to show to Mrs. Butler today. So
that's where that blast of cold air came from, right? Anyway, I also got my
grade sheet in English and I'm getting an 88.8%. He said that he would round
for people who participated and turned stuff in on time, so I'm in suspense.
I'm still ticked off, though. I was in line to get an A in the class until the
last AP practice essay. I got a 5 (again), and Mr. Blair said the only reason
why it wasn't a 7 was because I hadn't written a conclusion. Well, excuse me,
it's not like we have to do this in 40 minutes or anything. I'm just really
mad, because makes these things worth 100 points, the same as a regular essay.
I'm looking at my grade sheet, and the contrast is rather striking: 75/100 on
the essay written in 40 minutes, 98/100 for the essay we had two weeks to do.
Woohoo, all those hours spent out of class working on that essay, and it only
earns me 23 more points than one written in 40 minutes. Sheesh.




OK, back to the sublime. Anyway, we're watching _Sliding Doors_ in College-
Bound, which is really cool. It's kind of funny because I've seen it before,
and I'm probably the last person you'd expect to have seen an artsy romance
movie. Coolness. And I was wrong, they do quote Monty Python right. I love the
British.




OK, here's the good part. In Programming, I checked my UIUC application, and
I've been accepted! Coolness! I can't wait to tell Chris. He's going to hit
me, I know it already.




Food Drive: Mr. Cullen took the lead today with 200 cans. Total: 1003\. This
sucks. Oh well, I'm still happy.
