---
layout: post
title: "It's Party Time"
date: 2003-09-13
comments: false
---
I just bought chocolates from a sixth-grader. I feel old.




Kris told me at lunch that John Ritter had died, and I didn't believe it until
I read it in Programming. So sad.




I am so glad that it's Friday. I was up almost all night working on my chem
HW, and I had a Civitas meeting this morning, which I had to walk to because
my dad was taking my mom up to Mundelein, where she will be babysitting for
the weekend. She suggested that we send out for a pizza; I suggested this to
my dad (who doesn't like ordering pizzas) when he got home, and he suggested
we go OUT for a pizza. This is a trend: whenever my mom isn't around, my dad
and I go out to eat. 2 to 1 he orders a vodka martini wherever we go.




I have now lost all faith whatsoever in the WB Technology Department. Today I
sat down at my usual computer in programming. Soon enough, I noticed a strange
quirk: the space bar acted like backspace. Ms. Meier called Technology, and
soon enough a guy came down with another keyboard. He immediately made it
clear that he didn't speak English very well at all, but he connected the new
keyboard, and waited to make sure I could log in. I could not, and I soon
noticed why: the "v" did not work, which prevented me from entering my
password. Though I made several attempts to explain this to the guy, he kept
telling me to "try again," finally telling Ms. Meier that I couldn't log in
because I didn't log out, something that was A)untrue, I had logged out before
he had reinstalled the keyboard, and B)not something that would prevent me
from logging in from the same machine, something which a Technology guy should
know, considering I know that simply from experience. I finally moved to
another computer and logged in successfully, and the guy left. Upon further
examination by Josh, the keyboard proved to have a fully non-functional bottom
row. I planned to swap the keyboard from the other computer, but Ms. Meier
told me not to, saying, "They have to do it." If anything works in that
school, it's because a student took a little illicit initiative. I wonder why
the administration, in all of their cost-cutting measures, hasn't done
something about them. Matt Y. tells me that he spent most of his time up in
Technology making network cables, so obviously they aren't terribly
overworked.




Enough of that diatribe! What else do I have to say? Not much.
