---
layout: post
title: "If It's Not Broke, Why Not?"
date: 2003-07-24
comments: false
---
Well, I'm sitting in front of my computer, typing away, so obviously it's
working again. But I don't really know what I did to fix it. Oh well. Knock on
wood and count your blessings, I guess. Went to yet another concert. I have
all sorts of Key Club stuff to do, lots of summer homework left (but at least
I've started!) and a trip to Boston and working registration to squeeze in.
All in all, though, I think that this has been a fairly productive summer. I
got my business started (though I've yet to gross dollar one), went to
International Convention, and just this week attended a seminar at the Federal
Reserve that made me regret ever wondering exactly what the Fed did. Traveling
downtown on a weekday was fun, though. I like the city. It's ironic, but I
feel safer crossing the street in the city than in the suburbs. For one thing,
there's always a mob of people crossing with you, at least during the day.
Plus, drivers seem to realize that there are creatures called pedestrians, and
that they have the right of way. In the suburbs, I guess that people might
realize this too, but I frankly don't trust them to be looking for
pedestrians, because they're awfully scarce out here. More than that though, I
love the tall buildings and impressive architecture, especially in the
Financial District. Those three buildings with Greek facades at LaSalle and
Jackson make you understand why they call it "The City of Big Shoulders." But
I feel I can write off any wasted time as relaxation, and believe me, I'm
going to need it. I've signed up for a slow and painful death from overwork
next year, and I might just lose it. At least next summer, I won't have any
homework.
