---
layout: post
title: "A Whole 5 Days to Procrastinate"
date: 2003-11-26
comments: false
---
Okey dokey!




Still trying to decide whether yesterday was a good day. Got my test back in
chem, and I hadn't done very well, but I'm still getting a B in the class, so
it's not as bad as calculus. I'm going to retake the calc test next week, as
is most of the class. I was surprised to find that I did not do as horribly as
several other people. If Kevin Franzen wasn't getting A's on these things, she
might get the message. Why the heck is he even in high school?




Then I went to English. I had forgotten to do vocab, but I wasn't the only
one. We got our last in-class essay back, and I got an 8! He also brought up
that only one person (me) mentioned something from the text, which he wrote
that he had been "waiting for." Woohoo!




Got out of College-Bound to go to the breakfast, which went well.




Got our new teacher for Computer Programming. His name is Mr. Bond-Harris, and
he was a music teacher before he worked for Lucent Technologies. He seems like
a nice enough guy, and I hope we'll be able to get back on track. I still
spent a good amount of time playing [Spong][0], though.




Nothing is as easy as Mr. Elliot makes it look.




I'm losing money on my stupid soybeans.




Anyway, today I got up early to go to the Kiwanis meeting. Though Mary says I
failed, I don't think I did. Their program kind of disintegrated. Oh, and
here's something funny. Their Adopt-a-Highway sign had been replaced by
someone else's. Mr. Ramsey inquired about it, and apparently their obligation
to clean the road expired in 1998\.




Now I'm sitting here, really tired, trying to decide which Star Trek movie is
the best one of them all. I just finished watching Star Trek II: The Wrath of
Khan again last night, and I must say that it is a wonderful film. I
especially enjoy the music. Star Trek III is all right, but definitely not one
of the best. Star Trek IV is hilarious, but kind of cheesy. Star Trek VIII is
excellent, IX is OK, and I still haven't been able to rate X.



[0]: http://web.tampabay.rr.com/lnsemsf/spong.htm
