---
layout: post
title: "I'd Rather Be at School"
date: 2003-12-24
comments: false
---
than here dealing with my mother as she frantically tries to get the house
ready for Christmas, when everybody's coming here.




MONDAY: Everybody here to work on new kitchen table. Went to Dominican U to
pick up old dining room chair. Nothing else worth noting, except that I
finally got around to watching the second Horatio Hornblower movie. It was
good.




TUESDAY: Got car washed. Went to lunch/dinner at Friday's with Abbie, then
went downtown to attempt to go ice skating. Line for skating too long, so went
to shnazzy restaurant just to order dessert. Then Abbie met up with this guy
friend, so I drove home by myself. Funny story that, but I'm not going to tell
you. Then attempted to do Christmas shopping in one hour with $39\. I so need a
debit card.




TOMORROW: Well, it's snowing, so it looks like I'll be getting up at 8 to go
mop the floor at church. At least that will earn me $5 more. Then, noon mass.
Then, finishing shopping. Then, who knows what.




Kyle called yesterday to get Chris's number. Don't know why he wanted it, and
didn't think to ask.




Oh, yeah, I was bored Sunday, so I decided to read Hamlet to find more
connections to Strange Brew. The Project Gutenburg e-text wasn't very
readable, however, so I abandoned that and instead read the Sparknotes
synopsis. From that I deduced that Bob and Doug were Rosencrantz and
Guildenstern, a conclusion I found was common when I did a Google search. I
think Brewmeister Smith is Polonius, but I'm not sure, having not actually
read the play. I figure I'll have to read it later this year, and why waste
time now when I have Macbeth and The Fatal Equilibrium to read?
