---
layout: post
title: "Oh Yeah!  Bring On The Philippic"
date: 2003-11-17
comments: false
---
I can't believe I forgot to blog this. You all know (or you should!) that
somebody pulled the fire alarm during 6th both Wednesday and Thursday. Well,
Friday, 1st hour, Dr. E came on the PA and said that the spirit and pride
assembly had been postponed, because someone had called the school and claimed
there would be "a disturbance" (I love how they tell us everything) during the
assembly, and so the assembly would not be on Friday. This, of course, pissed
everyone off. A lot of teachers pointed out that we have never, ever, in the
whole history of Willowbrook High School, had a fire drill during an assembly
or lunch hour, so it might actually be a good thing. That was enough to tick
us off. Then 4th hour, when I was at lunch, Dr. E came on the PA and
announced: a LOCKDOWN!!! That's right, they locked us all in the cafeteria. We
were fuming. Then Dr. E comes in the cafe and tells us that we all have to
leave our stuff and go to the auditorium, because the dogs are coming into the
cafeteria to sniff our stuff. Yeah! So anyway, they march us all over to the
auditorium (somehow, Chris managed to take his pizza along, others were
prevented). Once we're there, I dare Chris to, once Dr. E comes in, to stand
up and give the Nazi salute, and shout, "Jowell, mein Fuhrer!" He said he'd
get in trouble, and that I should do it, though he did ask Mrs. Constien, "I
left all of my drugs in my backpack; is that going to be a problem?" We were
there for over half the period, then they sent us back and screwed up the
schedule so that we could have a few more minutes to eat. Later I heard the
stories, girls that had had their purses dumped on the table and left (my
folders had been rifled through, I'm sure that there might have been drugs in
my Auto folder), and people who had gone to the library to take tests and were
thus deprived of lunch. What made us very angry, however, was Dr. E's
announcement that they hadn't found anything. Well, gee, of course not! WB is
such a fine educational institution that even the kids stupid enough to do
drugs are smart enough not to bring them to school! And secondly, how the hell
are the drug-sniffing dogs going to find who pulled the fire alarm?
Additionally, how are the drug-sniffing dogs going to find drugs amongst all
the food in the cafeteria? Answer me that, Dr. E! Man, how do such stupid
people end up with doctorates in education?




On a lighter note, Chris told me that he thinks that from now on, he actually
WILL pack dog biscuits.
