---
layout: post
title: "Aw, Shuckymonsters"
date: 2003-08-07
comments: false
---
I just realized I was supposed to invite Allison to the party, but never did.
Rats! I've been busy. I went on a bit of adventure tonight. I went to Crystal
Lake to find the Radio Shack, and it took me awhile to get there. They didn't
have what I needed, so the guy suggested a solution involving drywall plugs,
so I went to Farm &amp; Fleet to get them, since I was going there anyway. For
those of you that don't know, Farm &amp; Fleet is a store that has everything.
It's like The Home Depot, K-Mart, Best Buy, and Pep Boys put together. Plus
they have a bunch of stuff for horses and agriculture too. It's huge. Anyway,
I could find neither drywall plugs nor the other thing I needed. Oh well.
Anyway, I've been installing speakers in the Harveys' house. The previous
owners had wired the house for sound, but took the speakers with them. They
also wired the house for just about everything else too. The basement is an
electrician's nightmare. There's conduit everywhere, and a lot of that stuff
that Kyle had a derogatory name for (of course, Kyle has a derogatory name for
everything. Why does he want to work at "Rat Shack" anyway? My dad has funny
names for everything, like "suicide cord." But I digress...) Anyway, then I
was reprogramming their remote to get it to work with the stereo, and it
spazed out on me. Not only did it stop working, but it froze up the satellite
receiver, too. Fortunately, via my infinite electronic prowess, I got both the
receiver and the remote working again, and I think I succeeded in
reprogramming it after all.




Well, I'm heading home early tomorrow to get ready for the party. If anyone
wants to meet me there 5:15-5:30 to help set up, I'd greatly appreciate it.




In other news, I've finished _reading_ Twelfth Night, but I still have to
really journal it. I've also started reading Moonraker. Why can't we read Bond
novels in English class? My guess is it's because Bond novels fit into the
first of Matt's Two Categories of Great Literature. Those categories are:



    
1.  
    
    It's entertaining to read.
    
    
1.  
    
    It makes some kind of statement about something mutable (society, the
    law, etc).
    
    
    





In my humble opinion, if you read a book that doesn't fit into either
category, you've wasted your time.
