---
layout: post
title: "Is it Joy I Feel?"
date: 2003-10-08
comments: false
---
In writing this, I'm wasting more time and sleep, but I don't care.




What the heck is going on. According to Chris (and by a conversation I had
with Mr V. last week, a credible report), Mr. Verthein said that he could
drive himself to the Kiwanis meeting tomorrow. Excuse me, but isn't that a
REALLY big problem a couple years ago? And after he and Ms. Engel hassle us
with all of those stupid permission forms. Which brings me to a related topic.
I just remembered a couple days ago reading something about liability
insurance provided by International, and I looked up and printed out the
details in hopes that I can get the administration to consent to a blanket
permission form for activities or something, especially since we seem to be
the ONLY club que importa un pepino.




Also, Mr. Blair apparently has a very short memory. He has now effectively
buried us in work again, giving us two more Major Works Data Sheets, one due
Thursday! Plus, I spent all evening finishing that stupid book _Grendel_ so
that I can write a two-paragraph journal on a line at the end that doesn't
make any sense whatsoever. The whole book is "how can I defy every notion
about how to write a coherent piece of literature?" The book is pointless and
stupid.




Speaking of structure, Mrs. Brown after telling us that structure wasn't
important for people writing responses to actual college essay topics instead
of one of her topics, gave me 0/10 for the "Conclusion" line on the rubric
because I didn't have a conclusion paragraph. Who the heck uses this stupid
"Introduction paragraph, 3 body paragraphs, conclusion paragraph" tripe
anymore? For crying out loud, they pound that stupid formula into your brain
in 5th grade, then they tell you that you have to make it "flow" using these
things called "transitions," that don't actually make it flow; they just fill
it with awkward, superfluous adverbs. And when you try to write for flow so
that a reader might actually get something out of it, they tell you it's
wrong. If the reader has such a short memory that he can't remember what I
said in paragraph one, he can go back and read it again himself. I'm going to
continue with my thoughts, thank you very much.




Calculus is absolutely stupid. She gives us like 20 problems for each section,
and two days (if even) to do them. This is not conducive to learning. This is
conducive to people scribbling answers (who cares if they're right? she
doesn't check that, just whether they're done or not) and people
"collaborating." Actually, the better form of collaboration she encourages,
saying that we should have "calculus parties." Yet another thing to do in our
"copious free time" (a phrase that Mr. Blair uses so often, it has become
clich√É(C)). Actually, I think some people in our class did have a calculus
party, but I wasn't invited. That's OK. Pete and I have each other to copy off
of, at lunch.




4th hour lunch sucks. It lends itself to leaving things to the day of, instead
of getting a head start after they're assigned.




It's not that I'm taking too many APs. Two of them I could pass in my sleep
(which, coincidentally, are the ones I DON'T sleep in). Chem is OK, since she
gives us plenty of time to do the homework, and lab report due dates are
extremely flexible. Tests are murder, though. No, my life has become what it
is because of two classes, the ones which I most need to get into a good
school.




I think I've run out of things to complain about. Oh, right, except this
excerpt from the imood.com site. This is why I, along with most other people
of my general nerdiness quotient, think AOL is an evil institution that needs
to DIE:




If you use AOL: Make sure that your email options are set to "receive mail
from internet". If you have it set so you can't accept mail from the internet,
you will not be able to receive any mail from us which could cause problems in
the future. Also remember that your email address is YOUR_SCREEN_NAME@aol.com
and not just YOUR_SCREEN_NAME.
