---
layout: post
title: "untitled"
date: 2003-03-10
comments: false
---
Ah, the Turnabout Report:




5:30- I arrive at Renee's house, at the same time as Kyle. We enter, take
pictures, etc.




c. 6:00- We eat dinner. A nice meal, mostacholi and sparkling grape juice.
Interesting conversation ensues.




c. 6:45- Now done with dinner, we play Taboo to kill time. I believe the girls
did actually win, but not by a large margin. Note to self: don't play that
game with Kyle again.




c. 7:40- We all pile into Renee's van to go to the dance. We arrive just about
on time.




As for the dance itself, it was enjoyable, and went by a lot faster than I
thought it would. The DJ's apparently have no sense of what kind of music you
can dance to. They never played Love Shack, which if you ask me, is totally
inexcusable. All they played was this stupid rap stuff that had no beat to
speak of.




Kyle abandoned Mary soon after we arrived, became involved with some people
that had smuggled vodka into the dance, and was arrested.




11:00- The dance officially ends. Mr. Zaucha had begun tearing down the
decorations 10 minutes earlier.




11:15- The coat check is empty. People are absconding with all of the
decorations, including the giant seaweed.




11:30- We arrive at Kappy's. I order the New York Strip Steak and Eggs. Nick
(Renee's date) and I split the bill.




OK, after this I kind of lose track of time. Anyway, we all went to Stardust
Bowl and played two games. Then we went back to Renee's. Jen came with me to
my car, and I kissed her. Then I proceeded home and arrived at precisely 3:00
AM (I have a knack for that: I arrived home from Holiday Embrace at precisely
2:30).
