---
layout: post
title: "I Have Seniority"
date: 2003-08-28
comments: false
---
Yay, my first day of school as a senior. Kinda scary, actually. It's like, why
am I taking all of these classes, when I need like 2.5 credits to graduate?
And I'm like, oh yeah, I need them to get into a good college. And why do I
want to get into a good college? And it's because I want to get a good job.
And why do I want to get a good job? And it's because I want to make enough
money to retire. And why do I want to retire? And it's because I want to enjoy
a few years of life before I DIE.




Oh, how melancholy. That's not really it. I want to go to a good school so I
can learn stuff about computers, so that I can start my own business, and make
some true innovations in computing. Imagine a computer that didn't require a
nerd to keep it running, and yet was affordable and interoperable. Oooh, look,
a big brass ring!




Today was OK. Not much to say about my classes until Computer Programming. All
of the students were mystified as to where I came from, but it looks like I'm
in good shape. This year, the AP exam is in Java, not C++, so we'll all be
learning a new language. I, however, have worked with object-oriented
languages before (namely, C++) while the others have just worked in C, which
is not object-oriented. In that respect, I'm a little ahead of them. It should
be a fun class, however.




What made it interesting, however, was when a messenger came in and handed me
a troll. Really. It had pink hair, and here I am, getting this troll amongst
my fellow programmers (all male, but of course), and thinking, "What the heck
is this for?" I read the card, and discovered that the good doctor's reason
for giving me a troll was because I had worked registration in the bookstore.
You'd think I wasn't getting paid for it or something. Then I have Mr. Elliott
for Auto. That should be a fun class, but Mr. Elliott scares me. At least it
will get me into VICA. Then Econ was fun.




More fun ensued on my bus ride home, but that's a topic for another day, if I
feel like posting it. I can only say that I am glad that the coming weekend
will be three days long, as it will take me that long to recover from the
trauma of starting my most stressful day yet. And that's not even including
Key Club stuff, which is a topic for another blog altogether.




Meanwhile, there is a pink-haired rollerskating troll available to whomever
would like it.
