---
layout: post
title: "Do Not Adjust Your Set"
date: 2003-06-28
comments: false
---
Well, the day has arrived! I was wondering when my account would be converted
to the controversial Blogger Basic. Frankly, I don't have much of a problem
with it, other than the other one looked cooler. Who knows? Maybe someday
they'll have a customizable interface. And I get titles! Yay! Ryan Olsen has
titles on his blog at gimpysoft.com, and now I have them too. Coolness.
Frankly, I think that if you spend so much time on your blog that this is a
major inconvenience, you blog too much. Besides, you still have BlogThis!,
which is what I use to do a lot of my blogging anyway. It still has the little
dropdown box and is as cool as ever.




Enough about my blog. Today I went to the paper and put the notice in. Yay!
SamAMac Communications Company is one step closer to being a reality. I also
got my new glasses and got my old ones tinted. Then I spent some time at my
sister Aimee's house doing electrical work and such, then I came home and
tried to register for a reseller account at InterAdvantage. I accidentally
registered for the wrong plan, but then it told me to send my check to "YOUR
ADDRESS HERE." Stupid InterAdvantage. Also, I have not gotten my confirmation
email from them nor from the Do Not Call Registry. I hope nothing's wrong with
my email. Conversion for Comcast is in a couple of days, as is the
International Convention. Tomorrow (or later this morning, rather), I'm going
to go bag potatoes for NHS. This things we do for our high school transcripts.
Well, since I have to be there at 8 AM, I'd better get to bed. I just hope
that all is well in the morning. And then there's my summer homework...
