---
layout: post
title: "Am I the Only One Who Cares?"
date: 2003-07-28
comments: false
---
Sigh...my network connection just came up a little while ago, and I was
alerted that I had email. I knew even before I opened Outlook Express that it
was just more spam on the I-I District reflector. I sent mail to the tech
chair and administrator addresses at iidistrict.org, but nothing has been done
about it. I really ought to ask my new friend Peter, since he's the one still
listed as the owner. Nobody seems to care though. Especially our beloved new
tech chair (Peter and I are united in our dislike of Matt Simko for appointing
his crony as tech chair). Maybe I should have run for Parliamentarian. I
bought a simplified version of Robert's Rules the other night, but I think I
posted that already. Anyway, today I drove Kyle to Best Buy so he could buy a
really cheap CD-ROM burner, then we came back here so he could connect to the
net. Anyway, we discovered that my driver's license doesn't have the "Under 18
until" thing, when it should. This explains why I had that long argument with
Mary. Weird. Anyway, I've been working on Key Club stuff again. Tomorrow, I
have that stupid appointment, then I'm going to my sister Aimee's. The summer
is rapidly running out. Darn. Last night, I got to Part Three of Goldfinger. I
love Bond novels. They're so much better than the movies. Apparently, my text
ad was displayed 57411 times already, but garnered only 14 clicks. That, it
tells me, is a CTR (click-thru ratio) of 0.02%. BTW, Kyle knows about SamAMac,
and doesn't seem to have a problem with it. Interesting. I'm considering a
format change for Black Sheep Airlines, and perhaps even a title change. My
ever more interesting life presses onward!
