---
layout: post
title: "untitled"
date: 2003-06-09
comments: false
---
What a day. First I go to 10 o'clock mass, then my mom makes a latent
discovery that I have to serve noon mass, so I end up going to church twice.
Later I get lost trying to find OfficeMax knowing only that it's somewhere in
vicinity of Oakbrook Mall. Turns out it was across the street from the mall.
Later my mom sends me to go shopping at Target and I arrive about 5 minutes
before they close, because they close early on Sundays. Then I discover that
the company that hosts the Key Club site for free is apparently a haven for
spammers and illegal porn sites. This I discover after doing a little
investigating of the security policies of our host after someone repeatedly
spammed the I-I District reflector. I emailed a law firm in New Jersey a
couple days ago where the first few attacks originated, but since then the
same spammer has moved elsewhere. I still haven't emailed anyone in the
District about it, our beloved tech chair (our beloved governor gave the job
to some chum instead of me, so he inherits my wrath as well) has done nothing.
The District reflector has about the dumbest security settings ever (open
membership, anyone on the whole lousy Internet can post, and it's unmoderated)
and apparently last year's tech chair is still the owner of the group. Our
district website still sucks. I wonder if our beloved tech chair even knows
HTML, or if he uses some stupid WYSIWYG editor like Frontpage. I hate HTML
editors. They're like AOL. If you don't know HTML yourself, you shouldn't be
allowed to make webpages. I mean, just look at what kind of crappy websites
are out there because of those things, especially "Trellix Web." Yeah, that
one Kyle used for the original WB Key Club site. Bah humbug!




School hasn't even been out a week and already I'm fed up with everything. I
need a job, but I don't have a car, which limits my options, at least in my
eyes. My mother seems to think that Yorktown is within reasonable walking
distance. Maybe it is, but still. What I really want to do is go into the web
reselling/design business. I never did ask Mrs. Marcyniuk what organization
she was referring to when she said she had a customer for me. Argh! If I ever
do get into the business, however, I've found a great company to partner with,
with great prices and nothing but accolades from what I can find. It seems to
be a single-man job. All of the people on the web host rating sites raved
about some guy named Tim being great for support, and the president according
to a WHOIS search turned up a guy named Timothy. Anyway, if I got into this
business, I could set aside some space for Key Club, pro bono. Then we
wouldn't have to worry about that stupid other company. And then there's all
that summer homework.




I'm rambling, aren't I? I'd better get off the computer and go munch potato
chips while watching a movie. Sounds like a plan. I love summer.




P.S. If you know some organization that needs a website/e-store built cheaply
and with the best customer support in the history of business (namely, me),
drop me a line using the link above. Even if I don't get a reseller account, I
could set you up with somebody's hosting plan and maintain it for you. Ask
anybody, I know what I'm doing. More than some namby-pamby guy from Streator
who doesn't know what the heck's going on the District reflector and probably
doesn't care because the stupid thing's never used but nobody ever bothered to
take it down cause they're all a bunch of lazy, slipshod...




I'm ranting again. I'd better go watch that movie.
