---
layout: post
title: "Best Weekend Ever"
date: 2004-08-10
comments: false
---
The weekend was fun. It got a roaring start when I went out to lunch at
Portillo's with my coworkers Anne and Lauren. Then when I got home to the
empty house, it kind of sucked. Nobody told me about the 80's party, even
though Chris had mentioned the idea of it to me like a week ago. But it was
OK. I got some A&amp;W and enjoyed my weekly 3 hours of TV. Then I was really
tired, so I went to bed.




I got up about noon. I grabbed my first meal of the day at McDonald's, and
then set out east on Roosevelt in order to kill half an hour before Bonnie's
party. Fun fun.




Bonnie's party was typical of the family/friends parties, in that I knew a
whole one other person there, Keri Frederick. Anyway, I talked to Keri and
Bonnie and some of her relatives and watched the Cubbies cream the Giants. At
one point her family started leaving and still no more friends had appeared. I
finally took off around 8 when several of her friends that I didn't know came.
But it was fun nevertheless. Side note: Vince did not make American Idol and
is now planning to attend ISU.




So then I went to Anna's party. I finally met Allyson and Hilary, who until
then I had half-suspected were some sort of artificially-intelligent blog-
reading robots. Hey, there's an idea...




So that party was great. We ended up at Denny's (as always) and who was there
but Matt Cuellar, who I've been friends with since birth. He was surprised
that I was out at one AM (shows you how long it's been since we've hung out
together, huh?) and dumbfounded to learn that I was out with Chris and six
girls. Rock on.




Sunday I went shopping with my sisters for dorm stuff. Fun fun.




The closing on the house has been postponed until Wednesday, so I'll be
crashing at Chris's one less day. I'm going to help him move to Purdue on
Saturday.




The Positive Party is this Thursday, 5 PM at the north pavilion of Madison
Meadows. Friday's open for me, and I should be getting off work early. Any
takers?




Anyway, after the closing on Wednesday, my home phone will be disconnected, so
call my cell. You all ought to know my new email address too. If you don't,
ask me. My AIM will stay the same, of course, and I keep Yahoo all the time,
ask me if you want my username for that.




Mary just called. I'll post again later.
