---
layout: post
title: "Me, Me, and More Me"
date: 2004-05-19
comments: false
---
**_\__**ME**_\__**




\[x\] they call me: Matt




\[x\] also: Gooshie, Gutch, Eddie, and the grand exalted Gooshiemeister,
programmer extraordinaire




\[x\] sex: Male




\[x\] my first breath of air: January 28




\[x\] occupation: umm...yeah




\[x\] best friends: everybody I know that isn't annoying and obnoxious




**_\__**REWIND**_\__**




\[x\] most memorable memory?: every one of my memories is memorable. That's why
I've remembered it.




\[x\] worst?: i dunno




\[x\] first word uttered: 'symmetric multiprocessing'




\[x\] first best friend ever: Matt Cuellar




**_\__**FAST FORWARD**_\__**




\[x\] college planning to go to: umm...yeah




\[x\] future resident of: Chicago, probably




\[x\] wedding: the traditional kind. But I'd wear a stovepipe hat, just to be
silly.




\[x\] children: Only if I can send them away for the part when they're between
like 5 and 22\.




\[x\] looking forward to: the day when I can gaze lovingly at my diploma




\[x\] NOT looking forward to: having to decide which college I'm going to




**_\__**PLAY**_\__**




\[x\] feeling: bored




\[x\] Listening: The Sunscreen Song




\[x\] Talking to: nobody, which is surprising. I usually talk to myself when I'm
alone. And occasionally when I'm not.




\[x\] doing: picking at my mole




\[x\] thinking of: how people reading this will be like, "what mole?"




\[x\] craving: meat loaf




\[x\] missing: my cap and gown. I went to get it today and Mr. Johnson was like,
"Oh, I have yours in my office." Then he told me that they'll be taking my
picture tomorrow, yada yada yada. Sara got hers today, so apparently it's all
me. Coolness.




\[x\] hating: nothing at the moment




**_\__**FAVORITES**_\__**




\[x\] songs: I need a new one to get sick of




\[x\] radio station: Oldies 104.3\. And occasionally 100.3 WNND Hits of the '80s
and '90s.




\[x\] tv show: JAG. Can't wait till Monk returns in June and the two Stargates
start in July.




\[x\] channel: Sci-Fi and the History Channel




\[x\] site: Blogs! I've started reading the blog of some girl in Indiana. She's
going to be Sandy in a stage production of Grease.




\[x\] movie: How can I choose?




\[x\] store: I don't shop, unless it's on the Internet




\[x\] mall: I just told you I don't shop. I don't have any money, anyway.




**_\__**LOVE?**_\__**




\[x\] love is: life




\[x\] first love?: hard to say. Or no, it isn't. But I'm not going to say.




\[x\] love or lust?: love. Yay, Plato!




\[x\] best love song: _Never My Love_ by The Association




\[x\] is it possible to be in love with more than one person at the same time?:
I doubt it




\[x\] true or false- all you need is love: I said so on a worksheet today. I'd
say "love and common sense." Some would argue that the two are mutually
exclusive, but I'm weird like that.




\[x\] is there such thing as love at first sight?: No, I don't think so.




**_\__**MONOPOLY**_\__**




\[x\] turn ons: wit, personality, and a sense of humor. No, that's not the same
as wit. I'm talking a "coconuts migrate" sense of humor.




\[x\] turn offs: airheads




\[x\] does your parents opinion on your bf/gf matter to you?: they've never had
one, at least to my knowledge. Of course, I've never really had a girlfriend,
either. Actually, that reminds me of something that happened today, but I'm
not going to tell you.




\[x\] the sweetest thing a person can do for you: I think Jen hit it on the
head. All someone has to do is be there for you.




**_\____PICKY PICKY****\_\_**




\[x\] short or long hair: I keep mine short. For a girl, it depends.




\[x\] innie or outie: I'm an innie. I don't care though.




\[x\] sunshine or rain: rain only if the sun stays shining.




\[x\] moon or sun: ever heard of moonburn? Neither have I.




\[x\] basketball or football: I don't watch sports. I'd rather play football, as
long as I get to be quarterback.




\[x\] starbucks or jamba juice: I've never been to either. Wait, there was that
one time when I went to Starbucks with Mary, and she ordered something
disgusting, and I tried it and then spit it out on the street. People probably
thought I was drunk; it was rather late.




\[x\] written letters or e-mails: E-mail is faster, cheaper, more efficient and
less wasteful




\[x\] playstation or Nintendo: Nintendo, even though the GameCube sucks.




\[x\] disney or nickelodeon: Neither




\[x\] car or motorcycle: Car




\[x\] house party or club: club




\[x\] sing or dance: sing




\[x\] freak or slow dance: slow, cause I don't know any other way




\[x\] yahoo messenger or aim: aim




\[x\] google or ask jeeves: google, google news, google toolbar, Gmail...




**_\__**MISCELLANEOUS**_\__**




\[x\] can you swim: yes




\[x\] what's your most embarrassing moment: I don't know, but I wouldn't tell
you even if I did




\[x\] what's under your bed: Old magazines. And some sheet music, I think




\[x\] what kind of roof is over your head?: Globe?




\[x\] do you like tomatoes?: on a Whopper or spaghetti, yes. Otherwise, no.




\[x\] internet connection: cable that I occasionally have to beat the crap out
of




\[x\] how many phones?: 5, methinks




\[x\] how many residents?: 3




\[x\] how many DVDs do you have?: 5 or so




\[x\] last phone call: my sister Abbie, I think




\[x\] last IM: Mary
