---
layout: post
title: "Prom-ness"
date: 2004-05-07
comments: false
---
OK, first of all, Mr. Blogs-are-for-losers-but-I-read-everybody's-blog-and-
want-them-to-talk-about-me-because-I'm-an-insecure-little-twerp-who-still-
hasn't-asked-anybody-to-prom, read the following from the comments on the last
post:




Speaking as a girl (well, no different than usual, but...) if I were asked to
prom, and I had to say, I don't know if I am going, and that guy asked someone
else the same day, I think I would not only be pissed but kind of hurt that I
was apparently part of a list and not someone asked because I was especially
wanted.




Try to be a little more smooth in the future.




Also, what happened to asking Bonnie? You swore up and down last weekend that
you really, honest to God, were going to ask her.




Jen | 05.05.04 - 12:33 am | \#



---





That's not how it happened. I asked Nina on Friday. What she said was that she
was planning on going by herself if she went at all. So perhaps characterizing
it as "I don't know" wasn't quite accurate. It was more of a "no." Then Friday
night I learned the whole story from Renee during our little get-together in
her basement. So I decided to ask Denise on Tuesday, which of course is
several days after Friday.




And for your information, I would have been very happy to go with Nina, but it
seemed rather clear to me that it wasn't going to happen.




Matt | 05.05.04 - 4:38 pm | \#




And as for why I haven't asked Bonnie, I was planning on asking her several
times, but she was gone from school for days. Yeah, I could have called her,
but I didn't. I overheard her talking to somebody on the bus to Math Team, and
she said she wasn't sure she wanted to go this year anyway. I've also heard
some other stuff, and so I just decided not to ask her.




**DEAL WITH IT**.




And whoever it was that stuffed the poll box, I've corrected the tally.
