---
layout: post
title: "Blah"
date: 2004-03-08
comments: false
---
OK, so I haven't blogged for a while. Let's start with Candidate's Weekend.




Candidate's Weekend was great. Most of the first day they just tried to force
75 socially inept people to mingle. Then on the second day, we had the group
activity. We had to build a tower out of styrofoam. It had to support a
2-liter bottle of water above two meters and be as tall as possible. Ours
wasn't the tallest, but it was the one that everybody was like, "Why doesn't
that thing fall over?" Then we had individual and group interviews, which went
fine. After everything, we went to see the Franklin W. Olin Players put on
"Tiger at the Gates," a French play that takes place in the city of Troy. It
pretty much showed that engineers can't act, but it was all right.




My mother, however, annoyed the heck out of me the whole weekend. She kept
complaining about the rental car, saying that she didn't like the "big doors."
Well, yes, mother, big doors are what you get when you rent a coupe because
it's the cheapest. I am never going anywhere with her again.




Last week was mayhem. I can't remember if I came home on time a single day. On
Friday I had scholastic bowl practice (regionals are tomorrow), and then I
went to help set up for Turnabout for NHS hours. It was a lot of fun. Also,
the stuff from Bank One about my new business checking account came.




So now I'm working on the Annual Club Achievement Report and the Single
Service Report (somehow I ended up doing them all myself), and trying to do
homework. Yay.
