---
layout: post
title: "The Speech"
date: 2004-06-15
comments: false
---
I found writing this speech very difficult. There was so much that I wanted to
say, so much advice I wanted to confer, so many people I wanted to thank, and
so many inside jokes I wanted to incorporate. I was tempted to turn this
speech into a litany of aphorisms, like the ever-so-popular Sunscreen Song.
But in the end I settled on this:




I know I am not the first person to point out the dual nature of the word
"commencement," and I'm sure won't be the last. It can refer to a ceremony
like this one, the capstone on a career of learning. In its more basic
definition, however, it means "a beginning." For some of us, it's the
beginning of a business career, for others a college or vocational school
career, and for at least one of us, the crucible of American Idol.




Our futures are diverse and uncertain, but what we all share is the past. We
all today leave behind the willows by the brook, Willy the Warrior, and the
chameleon-like Rock. We take with us the lessons we have learned, the memories
we have made, and the diplomas we will receive today. Many of us also take a
large collection of Trolls. (I personally have six.)




But today is the day when our paths diverge. Today is the last time that the
graduating class of 2004 will be together. We will go off to colleges all over
the country, we will move to the four corners of the earth, we will forget and
be forgotten. It is sad, but it is inevitable. Even our favorite teachers,
four of whom graduate with us today, will not remain here indefinitely. Even
those of us fortunate to have our photograph on a wall here will not escape
oblivion. You can look at those photographs outside and learn that so-and-so
was all-state in wrestling in 1972, but you'd be hard pressed to find someone
here who knows more about them than a name, a face, and a title. The building
will not remember us. While these walls may stand a hundred years, Willowbrook
High School as we have known it will die today.




What can we learn from such melancholy thoughts? What advice could come of
them? Firstly, this: be not like Frost's traveller, who at the end of his
journey down the road less traveled reflects, "I shall be telling this with a
sigh/somewhere ages and ages hence." The choices we make now affect the rest
of our lives; that much we know. But what is the point of looking back and
asking, "what if?" The successes and the failures that you have now and
henceforth will ultimately matter to no one but yourself. Your life has many
transient spectators, but in the end it is up to you to keep score. You can
never know where another path might have led you, so it is useless to ask. To
quote the common aphorism, "Today is the first day of the rest of your life."




Secondly, I'd like to encourage anyone who has not already done so to register
with classmates.com. It's free, and it will help not to lose those few to whom
you wish to hold on.




Finally, I believe I can speak on behalf of our whole class in thanking the
faculty and administration for all that they have done to help us prepare for
the challenges ahead.




Now as we are about to go our separate ways, we should all remember that each
of us is a Warrior, ready to tackle whatever the world throws our way. In the
words of one of our own, "The sky is our oyster."
