---
layout: post
title: "A Week in the Life of Matt Loar"
date: 2004-07-02
comments: false
---
Scholarship Total: $13,652




OK, so here's the 411 on what I've been up to:




Saturday-Found out I won the District 42 Representative Scholarship. That
takes care of my first year's tuition.




Sunday-Went to the Fermilab presentation. New dream right-out-of-college job
is being a Master Control Room operator.




Monday-Can't say I did anything important on Monday.




Tuesday-1-day temp job, printing crap out at $15/hr. Ended up kind of managing
another temp, cause the lady in charge was gone for several hours in the
middle of the day. But it's amazing what you'll put up with for $15/hr.




Wednesday evening, my sister Aimee tripped over her dog and broke her arm
rather badly. Mom and I (Dad had just arrived to stay the night-he works in
Wisconsin now, and is staying with her during the week until we move) went up
to see her in the hospital. I returned home alone.




Wednesday-Got up bright and early to go to the Kiwanis meeting. Joined by
Denise, Nina, and Renee. Meeting not well-attended at all-worrisome. Presented
certificate to club in thanks for support. Afterward Denise, Renee and I
distributed flyers for the concerts to local businesses. I think I distributed
the certificate that was supposed to go to Mr. Ramsey along with those flyers.
Oops.




Returned to Mundelein to see my sister. She was in surgery, so I ended up at
her house taking care of her dogs and watching movies I've already seen from
her collection. Then returned home with Mom.




Today-Got notification that I have won a $3000 scholarship from Magnetek (my
father's employer). Also got a full-time 6-8 week job through Manpower, paying
$12/hr. Went back to Mundelein with Mom. Got to see my sis, and then returned
to Lombard alone for a doctor's appointment. Then came home and spent a long
time putzing around.




Went to Blockbuster to rent a movie and get my own card. I am now a member in
my own right! Yay! Got Master and Commander. If anyone reads this tonight,
come on over and we'll watch it and have a party, since I'm home alone.




Also, I am currently thinking about going downtown to the Taste on Saturday,
since they have fireworks at 9:30\. Any takers?
