---
layout: post
title: "The Prom Report"
date: 2004-06-14
comments: false
---
First of all, I'd like to welcome Denise to my blog-reading community. Hi,
Denise!




Well, let's see. The day started with me hiking to WB to buy a graduation
video. Yay. Then I went to pick up the corsage from Jim's.




I put on my dad's tux and realized that the shirt was just a little too big,
but oh well. I couldn't resist standing in front of the mirror and saying,
"Bond. James Bond." Oh yeah.




My sister Aimee got off work early so I could borrow her Matrix for the night.
I went over to Denise's to pick her up, and Diane and Denise's aunt took about
5000 photographs. That's when I discovered that guys have it easy. All the
girls wear wrist corsages these days, so it's a lot easier to put her corsage
on than for her to put the boutonniere on.




Then we went to Chris's for some more photos. We decided to just take my car
since it had plenty of room. We went to Olive Garden, and of course they were
busy, so we were waiting a while. Anyway, we ate, and Chris tried desperately
not to spill on his rental tux. Then it was off to the dance!




By the time we got there, the only size t-shirt they had left was XL. Lucky
us. About as soon as we got there, I got waylaid by Krystel, who was having
trouble with her digital camera. I messed with it a few minutes, and told her
that as far as I could figure out, the batteries were bad. I found out today
that I was right. Anyway, I then looked up to see that Chris, Jen, and Denise
had gone inside already.




The place was really nice. There was an ice sculpture of "WBHS" that everybody
thought was kind of cool. We staked out a table and then went off to dance.




The music was better than some dances I've been to in that everything they
played at least had a beat. Denise and I danced for a while, and then we went
to get our picture taken, and then we danced some more. During the breaks we
talked a bit, and that's when I learned she reads my blog. But hey, I don't
have a problem with that.




Art Klatt was named Prom King and Anna Mack Prom Queen. I voted for both of
them, so that was cool.




When the prom was over, we (Denise, Chris, Jen, Mary, Alcozer, and I) set out
for Fox Bowl, which was supposed to be open until 1\. When we got there, they
said they were closing at midnight. Stupid Fox Bowl. So we went to Palace. We
were joined there by Renee and her group. They were closing at 1, so we only
got about a half hour of pool in. Then we all went to Denny's, which it seems
is the only place open late on Thursday nights. We had many interesting
discussions, and then we went home.




All in all, I had a wonderful time.




I'll tell you about the next day some other time. I'm tired of typing.
