---
layout: post
title: "What a Day"
date: 2004-01-15
comments: false
---
\[Beware Sign\]\[1\]




OK, so first I screw up a really easy problem in Chemistry. Then English
sucked for all the obvious reasons. Then I had my appointment with Dr.
Ennsmann, which was pointless. Chris said afterward it was pointless, though
he was the one who made me do it, and then Nina was puzzled as to why we had
done it, though just last week she was saying I should. This sucks.




Anyway, we still haven't sold very many tickets. I don't know what we're going
to do. I still have to send that letter too. I think I found the address on
the Internet, but I'll need to ask Mrs. Constien to confirm.




Wonderful hot sauce incident at lunch.




Mrs. Butler wasn't there in Calculus again. She warned us she might not.
Anyway, we're doing another chapter which confuses the heck out of everybody
instead of making any attempt at a review for finals. She told us that none of
the homework from this chapter will be checked until after finals, which means
I have lost all motivation to work on it, especially considering the junk I
have to do this week for other classes, like an MWDS and my Econ industry
report for Friday.




Mr. Bond-Harris (James Bond-Harris) was lecturing in Programming, so I slept
all hour. Hey, the lights are off, the blower from the projector is in my
face, I already know this crap...




Auto has seriously sucked lately. First we get assigned to tools, so I hand
out tools while Andy "finishes" our engine. Then Mr. Elliott yells at us (no,
to be fair, he yelled at Andy for this one) for not torquing the cylinder head
(dumb). Then he discovers our intake manifold is on backwards. Great. Now we
finally have it reassembled, but he has to make sure it turns over. We were
turning it with a flywheel tool, but he told us to use a breaker bar on the
bolt on the front of the engine. Only thing is, that bolt doesn't seem to be
connected to the crankshaft, because the flywheel doesn't turn when we spin
it. Andy picked the crappiest engine in there for us to work on (it has "Turns
Over Hard Bad Crank" written on the flywheel in White-Out). Plus, today I took
the lab out of our locker and set it on my desk. Andy asked later if it was on
my desk and I said yes. When I returned, it was not on my desk or in the
locker, and Andy was gone. I hope he has it, because considering that it's
worth 1000 points, the consequences of losing it are all too clear.




Also, ASE quizzes. I circled the answers to the ones we took yesterday in the
book like Mr. Elliott tells us to, but I didn't do it for the ones we took
today, which were really hard.




Can only hope that Econ project goes well.




Then went to see Dr. Swade after school. Appointment time: 4:00\. Time I
actually see doctor: 5:15\.




\[1\]: http://www.engrish.com/detail.php?imagename=beware.jpg&amp;category=Engrish from Other Countries&amp;date=2003-03-21
