---
layout: post
title: "Ooh Boy"
date: 2005-06-10
comments: false
---
Well, I haven't posted in a while. I might backpost some things over the next
day or so.




Well, today I had the first job I've had all week. I had to go clean some
viruses and spyware off some guy's machine. Basically, same old, same old.




Tomorrow I have to go test the wireless at Beckman. They're having a
conference next week, and we're providing support. Originally it was scheduled
for 10, but I got an email from Judy Lubben saying that it had been bumped up
to 9:30, so I need to be at her office by 9:15\. Yay. Anyway, about 6 PM
tonight she called me to confirm the change in time. She kept apologizing for
calling me "at home." I thought this was kind of funny. Does she think I have
an office or something?




Got care package from Mom today. Yay, granola bars!




Spent tonight researching Windows Software Restriction Policies. I kept
thinking that it was dumb that the only security levels were "Unrestricted"
and "Disallowed." It turns out there's a registry hack to change that. I found
it on a MS guy's blog, too. Microsoft is still evil and dumb, but the rank-
and-file can be pretty cool. Anyway, in case anyone who has a clue what I'm
talking about (Kyle) is reading, you can enable three additional levels like
so:




\[HKLM\\Software\\Policies\\Microsoft\\Windows\\Safer\\CodeIdentifiers\]




"Levels" = DWORD:0x31000




Anyway, I'm researching the SAFER APIs in preparation for writing a spyware
blocking application. I'm also working on a Spam-blocking MTA.




Classes start Monday!
