---
layout: post
title: "Hitchhiker's"
date: 2005-05-03
comments: false
---
I went to see Hitchhiker's on Saturday, and I haven't given my opinion of it
yet. So I will here.




It was great.




First of all, to all of the people complaining about deviances from the text,
please note whose name appears under "Screenplay by" at the beginning of the
movie. That's right: Douglas Adams. He wrote the screenplay for this movie
before he died. Besides, the books are hardly authoritative. Originally
Hitchhiker's was a radio show. Then it was adapted into novels. Then it was
adapted for a TV show. Douglas Adams wrote so many different plotlines that he
couldn't even keep them straight. In light of this, I think that anything he
wrote is Hitchhiker's.




Secondly, I don't think the love story between Arthur and Trillian was that
bad. You want a bad love story? Try Star Wars Episode II.




Thirdly, I think that the movie was _very_ well made. It really captured the
distinct Adams wit, especially during the parts where the narrator interjects
with excerpts from the Guide.




\*\*




--- SPOILER ALERT!!! ---




\*\*




I do have some small problems with it though. Firstly, the ending was a little
off. By having the Earth recreated, it did kind of destroy the underlying
theme of Hitchhiker's: a lone survivor from Earth, homeless and lost. Also,
Arthur's character started off the same, but as a part of the love story he
did become more assertive. And the scene with the mice, was, come to think of
it, a little reaching.




But I think that it can be forgiven. After all, Adams had expressed regret for
making Mostly Harmless so dark, and perhaps this overly-sunny screenplay was
his way of atoning for it. All in all, it was worth the $5.50, and I'd see it
again.




The question remains, however, will they make a sequel, and will it suck?
