---
layout: post
title: "It's Griping Time!"
date: 2005-01-23
comments: false
---
Minghai and I were apartment hunting again yesterday. This plus my current
computer woes led me to produce this list.




**Reasons Why I'll be Glad to Get an Apartment Next Year**



    
1.  
    
    Guys on the floor getting drunk and making all sorts of noise at midnight.
    
    
1.  
    # 1 at 1 AM
    
1.  
    # 1 at 2 AM
    
1.  
    # 1 at 3 AM
    
1.  
    # 1 at 4 AM
    
    





...



    
1.  
    
    Guys on the floor making fun of the guy who got totally plastered while he
    tries to shower off his hangover
    
    
1.  
    
    UIUCnet (You'd think that the University that created the first graphical
    web browser would be able to keep its internet connection up, but it seems
    that's too much to ask. Right now I'm having all sorts of DNS troubles. I'm
    not sure if it's just me or the whole campus network, but it seems to work
    fine from outside of UIUC.
    
    
    





Took the CS 225 proficiency exam today. I have my fingers crossed that I won't
have to actually take the 4 hour class.




Got a copy of my TransUnion credit report today. I've been turned down for
credit several times on the basis that they "can't verify the accuracy of the
information I submitted." Well, let me just say that the credit bureaus are
stupid. TransUnion had two previous addresses on file:




18 W 222ND 16TH ST




222 16TH




Also, my current address in Wisconsin was perverted almost beyond
deliverability, even though they made me send them a copy of my bank statement
THAT HAD IT IN BLACK AND WHITE. Idiots. I can't wait until March 1 when I can
get a free copy from all of the credit bureaus and see what idiocies they've
committed.




Oh, and yesterday I got my National City CheckCard. I called them a few days
ago, and they supposedly sent me one back in November, but I never got it. So
they cancelled that one and sent me a new by DHL. Nice, huh? But when I opened
it, it said "Call the number on the activation sticker to activate your card."
Typical, right? But there was no activation sticker. I finally found a
National City number that was still staffed on a Friday night, and the lady
activated my card. Only thing is, she didn't give me a PIN. Now, some banks
give you the PIN over the phone, whereas others send it under separate cover.
If it's the latter, I haven't gotten it. But this just proves that National
City is the dumbest bank ever. Sometimes I just think that I should just be
put in charge of everything, because at least I'm not an idiot.
