---
layout: post
title: "Welcome Back!"
date: 2006-05-28
comments: false
---
Welcome to my wonderful new blog. I figured that since I'm in Seattle this
summer, away from everyone, I might as well start keeping a blog again to
chronicle my experiences. If I can determine where I archived everything from
my last blog, I'll see if I can import them in some fashion.




Anyway, I arrived here last Saturday. This year Microsoft hired so many
interns that they were not able to live up to their claims that we would be
within 5 miles of campus if we chose to stay in corporate housing. Instead, I
am in Sammamish, approximately 15 miles from campus. My transportation to and
from work is in the form of a new, inconvenient, and somewhat unreliable
intern shuttle service provided by Microsoft. To top it off, all of the people
whom I have met who are staying out here are on the "bike plan," where we are
provided a subsidy to purchase a bike to get around. However, a bike does me
no good in getting to work or in getting anywhere else around here. There is
little to do, and most of the other interns are closer to campus, so I am
insanely bored. I'm still considering trying to switch to getting a long-term
rental car, or moving out of corporate housing.




Other than the sucky housing/transportation situation, I'm really enjoying my
internship. I've actually been able to get some work done already.




Last night KanKan and Kyle were kind enough to pick me up and take me to a
get-together that Nick was having at his place (in Redmond) for all of the
UIUC interns. It was pretty cool, though it only underscored how much where I
live sucks.




Anyway, I've just discovered that there is no bus service here on Sundays.
Peachy.




Well, I'm off on an adventure to see if I can walk the 4 miles to a movie
theater. Wish me luck!
