---
layout: post
title: "EBUSY"
date: 2007-10-05
comments: false
---
It is rather insane how busy I have been lately. We're bearing down on some
big deadlines at work, and as usual, struggling to make it. Then I am
bombarded by IMs and email from the testers. Plus, the I-I found someone to
take over responsibility for their website (yay!) who doesn't seem to grasp
the concept of dynamic content (suck). Of course, the wonderful Chihost took
the opportunity about a week ago to upgrade PHP on the server, and PHP being
the high-quality product that it is, the entire site broke. I really wish PHP
wasn't the lingua franca of webhosts. I would much rather use ASP.net or even
Python. It's inescapable though. Hell, this blog runs on PHP.




But I digress. I finally got a doctor's appointment tomorrow morning (thanks,
Mom). Then it's back to work to grind away on my last few work items. I'm a
bit concerned though - the PM made some foreboding remarks today that
something we didn't want to hear was on the horizon. But then I can go home
and spend the weekend cleaning my apartment and working on personal/ACM
projects.




Due to some wonderful timing with work deadlines, I won't be able to make it
back for Conference this year, though I'm not so sure that's a bad thing. Tack
really annoys the hell out of me. I did just book flights for my sister and me
to go back to Illinois for Christmas, though.




Anyway, I have to do some prep for this appointment tomorrow, and then get to
bed early (8:40 AM appointment - yuck).
