---
layout: post
title: "The Joy of Homeownership"
date: 2009-04-06
comments: false
---
Sigh.




So I picked up the keys to my new condo a week ago Friday, and due to various
issues I decided it was best to hold off moving in until later today. In the
meantime I decided to paint the living room. The room is quite large and two of
the walls were a very dark green color. This color is also used in the kitchen
and bathroom, but it just seemed wrong for the living room. The living room has
a window which faces west, so I figured a brighter color was in order. I
figured that since I wasn't moving in right away, this was the perfect time to
do it. And I guess I had this need to assert my ownership of my new home.




So I went to the hardware store. For whatever reason I decided that the right
color for my wall was a Benjamin Moore hue called "Mellow Yellow." Well, let me
tell you, it wasn't so mellow once I got it on the wall. It is very
overpowering, and I'm not sure if it really works with the pale green on the
adjoining wall. My sister was undecided, her boyfriend thought it clashed. So
today I went back to the store and looked at some more color cards, and brought
home a sample of a much paler yellow to try on the wall. I think this one might
work, but I was dumb and bought two gallons of the "Mellow Yellow" color before
I had so much as brought a color card home to compare it with. Well, live and
learn, I guess.




Speaking of tomorrow, I have to go pick up a truck at 8 AM, and here I am typing
this at after 1 AM. And I still need to walk back to my old place, where my bed
remains until tomorrow. I still don't have everything packed up.




Plus just to spite me, my cell phone decided to stop working today. I can hear
people, but they can't hear me. It's funny, just last week the PM was saying
his phone had broken in exactly the same way. This is ridiculous - I already
had to replace the Blackjack once. I don't think it's in warranty any more, so
I won't even have that option this time. Argh.
